TERM SHEET
FOR SERIES A ROUND OF FINANCING OF XCORP

Amount of 
Investment:

$3,000,000

Investors:

ABC Ventures

XYZ Capital

Type of Security:

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

Premoney Valuation: $7,000,000

Capital Structure Following
Existing holders of Common Stock 
Series A Round:

55%

Option Pool

Holders of Series A Preferred Stock

Total

15%

30%

100%

Use  of  Proceeds:

The  Company  shall  use  the  proceeds  from  this  financing  for 
working capital purposes.

Dividends:

The  Company  will  not  pay  dividends  on  its  shares  of 
Common  Stock  or  any  other  stock  which  is  junior  to  the 
Series A Preferred Stock unless a like dividend is paid on all 
shares  of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  on  a  pro  rata  “as 
converted” basis. 

Conversion: Each  share  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall  be  convertible,  at  any  time,  at 
the option of the holder, into shares of Common Stock, at an 
initial  conversion  ratio  of  one  share  of  Common  Stock  for 
each  share  of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock. 
  Mandatory 
conversion  of  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  upon  the 
effectiveness  of  a  registration  statement  covering  a  firmly 
and  fully  underwritten  public  offering  of  Common  Stock  of 
the  Company  by  a  reputable  underwriter  acceptable  to  the 
Investors  at  a  price  which  equals  or  exceeds  five  times  the 
purchase price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock and 
where  the  aggregate  gross  proceeds  received  by  the 

Company  exceeds  $25  million  (a  “Q ualif ied  P ub lic 
Offering”).

Antidilution: The  terms  of  the  Series A  Preferred  Stock  will  contain  standard  “weighted 
average”  antidilution  protection  with  respect  to  the  issuance 
by  the Company of  equity securities at a price per share  less 
than  the applicable conversion price  then  in effect, subject  to 
standard  and  customary  exceptions.  The  conversion  rate  of 
the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  into  common  stock  will  be 
adjusted  appropriately  to  account  for  any  stock  splits, 
recapitalizations,  mergers,  combinations  and  asset  sales, 
stock  dividends,  and  similar  events.  Antidilution  protection 
shall  not  be  triggered  by  the  issuance  of  up  to  1,000,000 
shares  of  Common  Stock  (or  options  therefor)  issued  in 
accordance with the Company’s Stock Option Plan.

Voting  Rights: On  all matters  submitted  for  stockholder  approval,  each  share  of  Series  A  
Preferred  Stock  shall  be  entitled  to  such  number  of  votes  as 
is  equal  to  the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  into 
which such shares are convertible.  In addition, the Company 
shall not, without the prior consent of the holders of at least a 
majority  of  the  then  issued  and  outstanding  Series A 
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class:

issue  or  create  any  series  or  class  of  securities  with 
rights  superior  to  or  on  a  parity  with  the  Series  A 
Preferred  Stock  or  increase  the  rights  or  preferences 
of  any  series  or  class  having  rights  or  preferences 
that  are  junior  to  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  so  as 
to  make  the  rights  or  preferences  of  such  series  or 
class equal or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock.

pay  dividends  on  shares  of  the  capital  stock  of  the 
Company.

effect any exchange or  reclassification of any stock affecting 
the  Series  A  P referred  S tock  or  any  recapitalization 
involving the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

repurchase or  redeem, or agree to repurchase or  redeem, any 
securities of  the Company other  than  from  employees of  the 
Company  upon  termination of  their  employment pursuant  to 
prior  exis ting  agreements  approved  by  the  Board  of 

Directors of the Company.

enter  into  any  transaction  with  management  or  any  member 
of  the  board  of  directors,  except  for  employment  contracts 
approved by  the Board of Directors and  transactions entered 
at  arms-length  terms  which  are  no  less  favorable  to  the 
Company  than  could  be  obtained  from  unrelated  third 
parties.

effect  any  amendment  of  the  Company's  Certificate  of 
Incorporation  or  Bylaws  which  would  materially  adversely 
affect the rights of the Series A Preferred Stock.

incur or guarantee debt in excess of $100,000.

voluntarily dissolve or liquidate.

effect  any  merger  or  consolidation  of  the  Company  with  or 
into  another  corporation  or  other  entity  (except  one  in  the 
holders  of  the  capital  stock  of  the  Company  immediately 
prior  to  such  a  merger  or  consolidation  continue  to  hold  at 
least  a  majority  of  the  capital  stock  of  the  surviving  entity 
after  the merger or  consolidation) or  sell,  lease, or otherwise 
dispose  of  all  or  substantially  all  or  a  significant  portion  of 
the assets of the Company.

Change  the  size  of  the  Board  of  Directors  or  change  any 
procedure  of  the  Company  relating  to  the  designation, 
nomination, or election of the Board of Directors.

Amend,  alter,  or  repeal  the  preferences,  special  rights,  or 
other  powers  of  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  so  as  to 
adversely affect the Series A Preferred Stock.

Make  capital  expenditures  of  more  than  $50,000  in  a  single 
expenditure  or  an  aggregate  of  $100,000  in  any  twelve-
month period.

Liquidation
Preference:

The  holders  of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  shall  have  preference  upon 
liquidation  over  all  holders  of  Common  Stock  and  over  the 
holders  of  any  other  class  or  series  of  stock  that  is  junior  to 
the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  for  an  amount  equal  to  the 

greater of  (i) amount paid for  such Series A Preferred Stock 
plus  any  declared  or  accrued  but  unpaid  dividends,  and  (ii) 
the  amount  which  such  holder  would  have  received  if  such 
holder’s  shares  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock were  converted 
to  Common  Stock  immediately  prior  to  such  liquidation. 
Thereafter,  the  holders  of  Common  Stock will  be  entitled  to 
receive the remaining assets.   For purposes of  this section, a 
merger,  consolidation,  sale  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  the 
Company's  assets,  or  other  corporate  reorganization  shall 
constitute  a  liquidation,  unless  the  holders  of  at  least  a 
majority of the Series A Preferred Stock vote otherwise.

The Board  of Directors  of  the Company  shall  be  composed  of  five 
members.   Of  these  five members,  the  holders  of  the Series 
A  Preferred  Stock  shall  have  the  right  to  designate  two 
directors  (one  of  such  two  directors  to  be  designated  by 
ABC Ventures, the other by XYZ Capital), and the founders 
of  the  Company  shall  have  the  right  to  designate  two 
directors. The remaining director shall be designated by such 
four directors.  

All  stock  and  options  held  by  founders,  management,  and 
employees  shall  vest  over  a  four-year  period. 
  Stock 
currently  held  by  founders  will  be  considered  to  be  25% 
vested  as  of  the closing of  this  financing with  the balance  to 
vest  in  equal  monthly  installments  over  four  years.    All 
others  shall  vest  in  equal  monthly  installments  over  four 
years  with  a  one-year  cliff  at  the  beginning  of  the  vesting 
term.  Change  of  control  provisions  to  provide  for  no  more 
than  an  additional  50%  for  founders  and  select management 
and one year for all others.  

Board  of Directors:

Options  and  Vesting:

Registration
Rights: Commencing  on  the  earlier  of  three  years  from  the  closing  or  six months  after  the 
effective date of  the Company's  first public offering, holders 
of  shares of Series A Preferred Stock or  shares of Common 
Stock  issued  upon  conversion  thereof  ("Registrable  Stock") 
shall  have  the  right  to  demand  two  “S-1”  registrations  with 
aggregate  gross  offering  price  in  excess  of  $10,000,000, 
upon customary terms and conditions.

The  holders  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock  will  also  be  entitled  to  “piggyback” 
registration rights on Company registrations. 

The  holders  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock  will  also  be  entitled  to  unlimited 
registrations  on  Form S-3  with  at  least  $1,000,000  in 
aggregate  gross  offering  price,  on  customary  terms  and 
conditions.

The Company will bear all expenses related to all registrations and underwritings.

Affirmative  Covenants:

While  any  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  is  outstanding,  the 
company will:

maintain adequate property and business insurance.

comply with all laws, rules, and regulations.

c)  preserve,  protect,  and maintain  its  corporate  existence;  its 
rights ,  franchis es ,  and  privileges ;  and  all  properties 
necessary or useful to the proper conduct of its business.

submit  all  reports  required  under  Section  1202(d)(1)(C)  of 
the  Internal  Revenue  Code  and  the  regulations  promulgated 
thereunder.

cau s e  a l l  k ey  emp lo y ee s  to  ex ecu te  an d  d e l iv e r 
noncompetition,  nonsolicitation,  nonhire,  nondisclosure,  and 
assignment  of  inventions  agreements  for  a  term  of  their 
employment  with  the  Company  plus  one  year  in  a  form 
reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors.

f) not enter into related party transactions without the consent 
of a majority of disinterested directors.

g)  reimburse  all  reasonable  out-of-pocket  travel-related 
expenses of the Series A Preferred Stock directors. 

Financial 
Statements
and Reporting: The Company will provide all information and materials, including, without 
limitation,  all  internal  management  documents,  reports  of 
operations,  reports  of  adverse  developments,  copies  of  any 
management  letters,  communications  with  shareholders  or 
directors,  and  press  releases  and  registration  statements,  as 
well as access to all senior managers as requested by holders 

of Series A  Preferred Stock.    In  addition,  the Company will 
provide  the  holders  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock  with 
unaudited monthly and quarterly and audited yearly financial 
statements, as well as an annual budget.  

Redemption: Commencing with the date that is five years from the date of closing and on 
each one-year anniversary of  such date thereafter, holders of 
at  least  a majority  of  the  then  issued  and  outstanding  shares 
of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  may  request  the  Company  to 
redeem  their  shares  at  a  price  equal  to  the  original  purchase 
price for such shares plus any declared but unpaid dividends, 
with  1/3  of  the  shares  to  be  redeemed  shall  be  redeemed  on 
such  redemption  date,  an  additional  1/3  on  the  date  that  is 
one  year  from  such  date,  and  the  remaining  1/3  on  the  date 
that is two years from such date.

Right  of  First  Refusal:

Right of First Refusal and 
Cosale:

  Holders  of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  shall  have  a  pro  rata 
right,  based  on  their  percentage  of  fully  diluted  equity 
interest  in  the  company,  with  an  undersubscription  right  up 
to  the  total  number  of  shares  being  offered,  to  participate  in 
subsequent stock issuances.

In  the  event  that  any  of  the Founders  and  existing  executive 
management  propose  to  sell  their  stock  to  third  parties,  the 
Company  shall  have  the  first  right  to  purchase  the  securities 
on  substantially  the  same  terms  as  the  proposed  sale;  the 
Series  A  Preferred  Stockholders  shall  next  have  said  right 
according  to  respective  percentage  ownership  of  Series  A  
Preferred  Stock  or  to  sell  proportionate  percentage  pursuant 
to cosale rights.  Such rights shall terminate upon a Qualified 
Public Offering.

Other  Provisions:

The  purchase  agreement  shall  include  standard  and  customary 
representations  and  warranties  of  the  Company,  and  the 
other  agreements  prepared  to  implement  this  financing  shall 
contain  other  standard  and  customary  provisions.  Definitive 
agreements will be drafted by counsel to the Investors.   This 
term sheet is intended by the parties to be nonbinding.

Expenses:

The  Company  will  reimburse  the  holders  of  Series A 
Preferred  Stock  for  reasonable  legal  fees  in  connection with 
the  transaction,  payable  at  closing  and  only  in  the  event  that 

Conditions  to  Closing:

the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  term  sheet  are 
consummated, up to a limit of $25,000.

Closing  shall  be  subject  to  the  standard  and  customary 
conditions, including the completion of due diligence and the 
delivery  to  the  investors  of  a  legal opinion  of  counsel  to  the 
Company,  regarding  standard  and  customary  matters  and 
satisfactory to the Investors and their legal counsel.  

By:

By:

The  following  annotations  are  all  by  Jeffrey  Steele,  an   associate  w i th   the  law   firm  Morse  Barnes-
Brown & Pendleton P.C.: 

1 .   Equals  the  value  the  new  investors  are placing  on  the  enterprise prior  to  their  investment.    Usually,  all 
of  the  outstanding  stock  of  the  company,  together  with  any  outstanding  options  and  warrants  or  other 
rights to buy stock of the company and any additional shares which may be reserved under the option pool, 
will be included in this premoney valuation.  

2 .   The  size of  the option  pool  that  venture capital  investors will  look  for  tends  to  range between 15%  and 
30% of  the capital structure of  the company. This  percentage is   calculated including  the  shares of Series A 
Preferred Stock being sold  in  the financing.    The actual size of the pool can depend on a number of things, 
including the industry that the company is   in ,  but is  primarily related to  the number and types of hires that 
the  company  will  need  to  make  in  the  foreseeable  future. 
  Thus,  a  company  that  has  a  complete 
management  team  at  the  time  of  the  Series  A  round  will  likely  need  a  smaller  pool  than  a  company  that 
has one or more top management hires to make (each of whom may cost the company a significant amount 
of options or stock from the pool).

3 .   Often,  venture  capital  investors  also  ask  for  an  “accruing”  dividend  of  between  8%  and  10%  or  so  per 
annum.    This  dividend  “accrues”  and  is   not  payable  unless  (i)  declared  by  the  Board,  (ii)  there  is   a 
liquidation event (a sale of the company is  considered a liquidation event, but an IPO usually isn't), or (iii) 
the  preferred  stock  is   redeemed.    The  accruing  dividend  is   a  protective  device  intended  to  provide  a 
minimum  rate of return but  is   usually  forfeited in  the event of an IPO or otherwise upon conversion of  the 
preferred  stock  to  common  stock.  (The  theory  is   that  in  such  cases  the  return  on  the  investment  will  be 
more than  the minimum which  the accruing dividend provides. Therefore, the protection is   not needed and 
is  forfeited).  There are a number of varieties of accruing dividends, including those that are payable in cash 
and  those  payable  in  additional  shares  of  preferred  stock.    Also,  although  a  basic  “accruing  dividend” 
involves  a  simple  interest  calculation,  sometimes  a  so-called  “cumulative”  accruing dividend  is   requested, 
and it involves compound interest calculations.

4 .   Preferred  stock  should  convert  into  common  stock  automatically  at  the  company’s  IPO.    The  special 
rights  generally accorded  to  preferred stock  sold  to  early-stage  investors  could  create problems  for a public 
company.  

5 .   These  provisions  are  designed  to  protect  an  investor  against  “equity”  dilution  (later  sales  of  stock  at  a 

price  lower  than what  the  investor  paid).    Although  the  “weighted  average” version  is   the most  common, 
an  alternative  is   “full  ratchet”  antidilution  protection.  Full-ratchet  antidilution  protection  is   far  more 
advantageous  to  the  investor  (but  punitive  to  the  company)  than  weighted  average,  but  i t   is   usually 
reserved  for  very  early-stage  deals  or  other  situations  where  there  is   significant  concern  as  to  whether  the 
valuation  will  hold  up  over  the  long  term.  Pu t   simply,  weighted-average  antidilution  protection  accounts 
more  accurately  for  the  actual  dilutive  effect  which  a  particular  issuance  has  on  the  investor’s  equity 
position  in  the  company.  Full-ratchet  antidilution  protection,  on  the  other  hand,  treats  all  later  stock 
issuances  below  the  investor’s  purchase  price  as  if  they were  the  same,  regardless  of  the  number  of  shares 
issued. 
6 .   Although  there  are  venture  capital  investors  that  ask  for  other  veto  rights,  this  list   covers  some  of  the 
most  frequently  requested  veto  rights.  You  may  not  have  to  provide  veto  rights  with  respect  to  each  of 
these  matters.    The  key  here  is   to  try  to  limit   veto  rights    to  major  corporate  events  and  to  try  to  avoid 
turning day-to-day operational matters into matters for a preferred stockholder vote.    Thus, for example, (g) 
and  (1)  could  be  problematic  if  the  dollar  limits  are  too  low.    Often  a  compromise  may  be  reached with 
respect  to  a  request  for a veto  right on  an operational matter by  agreeing  that  such would be  subject  to  the 
veto of  the Series A  Preferred Stock’s director but  not  at  the  stockholder  level. That keeps  the  issue  at  the 
board level -- where it belongs. 

7 .  This is  a so-called “straight” liquidation preference.  An alternative is   the “double dip” or “participating” 
liquidation preference, which provides that  the preferred stock get an amount equal to  its  money back (plus 
any accrued dividends  if  there is   an accruing dividend) and  then participates with  common  stock on  an “as 
converted basis."   A double-dip liquidation preference is  a pricing term most often seen in early-stage deals 
or in “down rounds."

8 .   Working  out  what  the  Board  will  look  like  following  the  Series  A  round  will  be  one  of  the  most 
important matters to deal with.   Generally, the Series A investors will ask for and receive representation on 
the  board.    The  questions  will  be  how  many  seats  do  they  get  and  what  effect  will  that  have  on  the 
founders’  and management’s  board  representation.  In  the  end,  everybody  involved  will  need  to  participate 
in, and be satisfied with, the decisions regarding board structure.

9 .   Venture  capital  investors will  likely  impose  a  vesting  schedule  on  stock  and  options  held  by  founders, 
management, and employees as a condition  to  investment.    If shares or options are not yet vested, they are 
subject to being lost if the person ceases to work for the company for any reason.  Venture capital investors 
impose  such vesting  requirements  in  order to  provide  the company’s people with  a  reason to  stay with  the 
company.    Also,  if  a  person  ceases  to  work  for  the  company  for  any  reason,  the  nonvested  shares  are 
available  for  grant  to  his  or  her  replacement.    The  theory  here  is ,   of  course,  that  the  best  business  plan  is  
worth nothing without the people to execute it.
10. This list includes items frequently looked for by venture capital firms.  

11.  This  is   simply  a  right  to  achieve  liquidity  in  the  event  that  the  company  does  not  otherwise  reach  a 
sale  or  IPO  by  the  end  of  the  selected  time  period.  Since  the  company  cannot  redeem  stock  if  to  do  so 
would  render  the  company  insolvent,  this  right  is   useful  only  in  situations  in  which  the  company  has 
become some  sort of a sideways play. Usually  the  redemption price is   the price paid  for the stock plus  the 
accruing  dividend,  if  there  is   one.    Occasionally,  venture  capital  firms  will  request  that  the  redemption 
price  be  at  the  greater of  such  price  and  the  then  fair market  value  of  the  stock.    The  only  thing  to  watch 
out  for  here  is   to  make  sure  that  the  company  can  pay  the  redemption  out  over  time.  (In  my  experience, 
three payments over two years are common.)

12. While  this  is   generally  asked  for  and  received by  venture  capital  investors  (who  can give  you  a  yes  or 
no  quickly  without  the  need  for  elaborate  disclosure  documents  to  comply  with  the  securities  laws),  a 
company should, in my opinion, think about resisting this request if it comes from individual investors.  

13. The term sheet should be nonbinding (with the exception only of the exclusivity provision, if there is 
one, and any provisions regarding confidentiality).

14.  The amount of  expenses  included  in  this  provision depends on where the  lawyers are from. Make sure 
that  there is   a cap.   You may also want to  resist any request to pay ongoing fees for the cost of complying 
with  requests  for  waivers,  etc.,  after  the  closing  (except  to  the  extent  to  which  the  investors  incur  fees 

because the company breaches its obligations to them).

15. Be on  the  lookout  for any exclusivity provisions  in  this  clause.      Usually, such exclusivity provisions 
require the company to  refrain from taking an investment from anyone else for a set period of time after the 
term sheet  is   signed.   While an exclusivity provision may be acceptable (and is   often  imposed), be sure  to 
pay attention to  the time period.    It should be no longer than is  necessary to complete the transaction, with 
a  little  extra  time  for  possible  delays.  In my  opinion,  30  days  should  be  acceptable  in  most  instances;  60 
days 
is  pushing  i t   in most  instances; and 90 days is  probably unreasonable in  almost all cases. Also, make sure 
that  the  exclusivity  period  automatically  ends  in  the  event  that  the  deal  is   called  off  before  the  period 
expires. 

PAGE  8

PAGE  8

© 2000 Morse, Barnes-Brown & Pendleton P.C. and Jeffrey P. Steele

