Confidential

HAPPY THINGS

Memorandum of Terms

This Memorandum of Terms represents only the current thinking of the parties with respect to certain of the major issues relating to the proposed private offering and does not constitute a legally binding agreement. This Memorandum of Terms does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.

The Offering

Issuer:Happy Things, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”)

Securities:Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series~A Preferred”)

Valuation of the Company:$1,000,000 pre-money

Amount of the offering:Up to $1,000,000

Consideration:Cash

Number of securities:1,000,000 shares

Price per share:$1

Investors:Jack Sparrow or affiliated entities, and other investors acceptable to the Company.

Anticipated closing date:Initial closing on or before April 3, 2013, with one or more additional closings within 60 days thereafter.

TERMS OF THE PREFERRED

Dividends:Dividend rate: 8%

Cumulation: Noncumulative

Priority: Senior to common.

Participation: Common may not receive any dividends unless Series~A Preferred receives a dividend (including the preference amount) equal to the amount it would have received if converted to common.

Liquidation preference:Amount: Original purchase price plus accrued dividends.

Priority: Senior to common.

Participation: After payment of preferential liquidation proceeds, the Series~A Preferred participates in liquidation proceeds to the common.

Limit on participation: No cap on participation.

Deemed liquidation: A sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets or a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other company will be treated as a liquidation of the Company. A deemed liquidation may be waived upon the election of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Redemption:The Series~A Preferred will not have redemption rights.

Conversion:The Series~A Preferred may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock. The conversion rate will initially be 1:1, subject to anti-dilution and other customary adjustments.

Automatic conversion:Each share of preferred stock will automatically convert into common stock, at the then applicable conversion rate, upon (i)~the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of common stock (a “Qualified Public Offering”), or (ii)~the consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the preferred stock.

Anti-dilution:Adjustments. The conversion price of the Series~A Preferred will be subject to adjustment, on a full-ratchet basis, if the Company issues additional securities at a price per share less than the then applicable conversion price.

Exceptions. There will be no adjustment to the conversion price for:

shares issued upon conversion of the Series~A Preferred; and

shares that are otherwise excluded by consent of holders of a majority of the Series~A Preferred.

General voting rights:Each share of preferred stock will have the right to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of each such share of preferred stock. The preferred stock will vote with the common stock on all matters except as specifically provided in the certificate of incorporation or as otherwise required by law.

Voting for directors:The holders of Series~A Preferred will be entitled to elect five directors. The holders of common stock will be entitled to elect three directors. Any additional directors will be elected by the holders of preferred stock and common stock voting together.

Protective provisions:Consent of the holders of at least 50% of the Series~A Preferred will be required to:

declare or pay any dividend or distribution or approve any repurchase with respect to the preferred stock (except as otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation) or the common stock (subject to customary exceptions).

INVESTOR RIGHTS

Director liability:The directors will be entitled to customary indemnification from the Company and reimbursement of reasonable costs of attendance at board meetings.

Information rights:The Company will deliver to each holder of at least {_______} shares of Series~A Preferred:

unaudited annual financial statements within 120 days following year-end; and

unaudited quarterly financial statements within 45 days following quarter-end.

The information rights will terminate upon an initial public offering.

EMPLOYEE MATTERS

Proprietary information

agreements:The Company will have all employees and consultants enter into proprietary information and inventions agreements.

OTHER MATTERS

Purchase agreement:The investment will be made pursuant to a stock purchase agreement which will contain, among other things, appropriate representations and warranties of the Company and the investors and appropriate conditions of closing.

Finders:The Company and the investors will each indemnify the other for any finder’s fees for which they are respectively responsible.

Conditions precedent:The investment will be subject to customary conditions, including but not limited to:

completion of due diligence to the satisfaction of the investors;

negotiation and execution of definitive agreements customary in transactions of this nature;

receipt of all required authorizations, approvals and consents;

delivery of customary closing certificates; and

the absence of material adverse changes with respect to the Company.

(Signature page follows)

This Memorandum of Terms reflects our mutual intentions as a basis for proceeding toward negotiation of definitive agreements.

HAPPY THINGSJACK SPARROW

SignatureSignature

Print namePrint name

Print titlePrint title

DateDate