 

CONFIDENTIAL 

HAPPY THINGS 

MEMORANDUM OF TERMS 

This Memorandum of Terms represents only the current thinking of the parties with respect to certain 
of  the  major  issues  relating  to  the  proposed  private  offering  and  does  not  constitute  a  legally  binding 
agreement. This Memorandum of Terms does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer  to 
buy securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

THE OFFERING 

Issuer: 

Securities: 

Happy Things, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) 

Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”) 

Valuation of the Company: 

$3,000,000 pre-money 

Amount of the offering: 

Up to $1,000,000 

Consideration: 

Cash 

Number of securities: 

1,000,000 shares 

Price per share: 

$ 1 

Investors: 

Jack Sparrow or affiliated entities, and other investors acceptable 
to the Company. 

Anticipated closing date: 

Initial  closing  on  or  before  April  3,  2013,  with  one  or  more 
additional closings within 60 days thereafter. 

TERMS OF THE PREFERRED 

Dividends: 

Dividend rate: 8% 

Cumulation: Noncumulative 

Priority: Pari passu with common. 

Liquidation preference: 

Pari passu with common (no liquidation preference). 

Redemption: 

Conversion: 

The Series A Preferred will not have redemption rights. 

The  Series A  Preferred  may  be  converted  at  any  time,  at  the 
option  of  the  holder,  into  shares  of  common  stock.  The 
conversion  rate  will  initially  be  1:1,  subject  to  anti-dilution  and 
other customary adjustments. 

 

 

Automatic conversion: 

Anti-dilution: 

Each  share  of  preferred  stock  will  automatically  convert  into 
common  stock,  at  the  then  applicable  conversion  rate,  upon 
(i) the  closing  of  a  firmly  underwritten  public  offering  of 
common  stock  (a  “Qualified  Public  Offering”),  or  (ii) the 
consent of  the holders of  {specify consent  threshold} of  the  then 
outstanding shares of the preferred stock. 

Adjustments. The conversion price of  the Series A Preferred will 
be  subject  to  adjustment,  on  a  broad-based  weighted-average 
basis,  if  the  Company  issues  additional  securities  at  a  price  per 
share less than the then applicable conversion price. 

 

Exceptions.  There  will  be  no  adjustment  to  the  conversion  price 
for: 

 

 

shares  issued upon conversion of  the Series A Preferred; 
and  

shares  that are otherwise excluded by consent of holders 
of a majority of the Series A Preferred. 

“Pay-to-play” requirement: 

If a holder of preferred  stock  fails  to participate  in  this  financing 
on a pro rata basis, then such holder .  

General voting rights: 

Voting for directors: 

Each  share  of  preferred  stock will  have  the  right  to  a  number  of 
votes  equal  to  the  number  of  shares  of  common  stock  issuable 
upon  conversion  of  each  such  share  of  preferred  stock.  The 
preferred  stock  will  vote  with  the  common  stock  on  all  matters 
except as specifically provided  in  the certificate of  incorporation 
or as otherwise required by law. 

The  holders  of  Series A  Preferred  will  be  entitled  to  elect  two 
directors.  The  holders  of  common  stock  will  be  entitled  to  elect 
three  directors.  Any  additional  directors  will  be  elected  by  the 
holders of preferred stock and common stock voting together. 

Protective provisions: 

Consent  of  the  holders  of  at  least  50%  of  the  Series A  Preferred 
will be required to: 

INVESTOR RIGHTS 

Director liability: 

  declare  or  pay  any  dividend  or  distribution  or  approve 
any  repurchase  with  respect  to  the  preferred  stock 
(except  as  otherwise  provided  in  the  certificate  of 
incorporation)  or 
the  common  stock 
(subject 
to 
customary exceptions). 

The  directors will  be  entitled  to  customary  indemnification  from 
the  Company  and  reimbursement  of  reasonable  costs  of 
attendance at board meetings.  

- 2 - 

Information rights: 

The  Company  will  deliver  to  each  holder  of  at  least  {_______} 
shares of Series A Preferred: 

  unaudited  annual  financial  statements  within  120  days 
following year-end; and 

  unaudited  quarterly  financial  statements  within  45  days 
following quarter-end. 

The  information  rights  will  terminate  upon  an  initial  public 
offering. 

The Company will have all employees and consultants enter into 
proprietary information and inventions agreements. 

The  investment  will  be  made  pursuant  to  a  stock  purchase 
agreement  which  will  contain,  among  other  things,  appropriate 
representations and warranties of the Company and  the  investors 
and appropriate conditions of closing. 

EMPLOYEE MATTERS 

Proprietary information 
   agreements: 

OTHER MATTERS 

Purchase agreement: 

Finders: 

The Company and the investors will each indemnify the other for 
any finder’s fees for which they are respectively responsible. 

Conditions precedent: 

The  investment  will  be  subject  to  customary  conditions, 
including but not limited to: 

 

completion  of  due  diligence  to  the  satisfaction  of  the 
investors; 

  negotiation  and  execution  of  definitive  agreements 
customary in transactions of this nature; 

 

receipt  of  all  required  authorizations,  approvals  and 
consents; 

  delivery of customary closing certificates; and  

 

the  absence  of  material  adverse  changes  with  respect  to 
the Company. 

(Signature page follows)

- 3 - 

 

 

 

This Memorandum  of  Terms  reflects  our mutual  intentions  as  a  basis  for  proceeding  toward  negotiation 
of definitive agreements. 

HAPPY THINGS 

JACK SPARROW 

 

 

 

 

 
Signature  

 
Print name 

 
Print title 

 
Date 

 

 

 

 

 
Signature 

 
Print name 

 
Print title 

 
Date 
 

 

